---
layout: post
title:  "Semester 2: Week 2 Reading Blog Post"
date:   2021-09-29 
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>The Article "Topography, Topology, Typography: The Library as Place, Text, and Tool in Caribbean Digital Research Classrooms", Dr. Esprit talks about her work of founding the Create Caribbean Research Institute. She also talks about her active work in the Digital Humanities field as well as her work in the preservation of Dominica's heritage. Reading about Dr.Esprits's work at Create Caribbean made me reflect on my time at the institute as well. My time at Create especially the Digital Humanities course made me really question what the term 'Digital Humanities' truly is and whether or not it was a significant field that would benefit me was truly a challenge. I would often find myself saying that I have no idea what is going on. However, over time the terms and concepts of Digital Humanities became easier to understand. It was by working with different DH tools and viewing different DH projects I was truly able to get insight as to what the DH field really is. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Kate Theimer, Editor, Author, and archivist discussed her experience as an 'outsider' approaching the field of Digital Humanities. She compared it to "being a tourist in a foreign country for which there are no reliable guidebooks."I could totally relate to her experience as a student who is currently enrolled in a digital humanities course with no background in humanities whatsoever. Theimer expressed that she immediately discovered that the general public and archivists have a different interpretation of what archives are. She also mentioned that the term archive no longer belongs to the literature field and how archivists have become accustomed to the fact that this information has been adopted by information technologists. Theimer also discusses how the meaning and contexts of some terms have been altered by Digital Humanities Scholars in order to suit their field. However, after mentioning all this, Theimer made it clear that digital humanists' usage of the term archives is still sincere and appropriate and that is not considered to be a contradiction in the world of archivists. I totally agreed with this statement because although archivists work with archives they do not have any control over how members of another scholarly field use the term 'archives'. Theimer believed that digital humanists' definition of the term 'archives' is more 'specific' and so it has a deeper meaning and coverage. This is because their definition wholely understands the role of archives in the preservation of important information or materials. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->